in  a series of mobile messages
he  said that several university officials ordered him on monday to stop all teaching every
told  him his pay would be cut dressed
he  said a university work team
investigation
focusing  on the saharian
he  said he was questioned for one and a half hours but
i  don't know what they'll
i  mentally preparing for this for
according  to what i learned from the
only  suspended atheling and rest
and  only one more concrete deficient falling their
you  farcical rat
then  learn him immediate attention among thomas
obviously  protocol hateful
last  august
the  chinese government announced a new ideological
urging  the countries at
particularly  those who may not be
i
the  campaign seeks to wage unremitting to
among  intellectuals so as to
departments  at all levels
required  to submit concrete plans for
and  i had that i ended up contrasted
two  very different communist
when  i was exiled from northern lous where benignity work into
southern  name
and  i observed that whereas in los
people  at the bottom of the social hierarchy
or  very much afraid of the government
in  china that sense of a social pyramid
in  allows people like university professors people with money
people  with
powerful  positions and i
they  felt invulnerable
and  they acted like they were invulnerable and that
they  were the privilege
government
and  they knew it and everybody
an  i lows i remember the fear the real sense of the
poor  people have
when  a car went
that  had government officials
the  people
somehow  connected the
i  remember the real sense of fear every one in small villages
simply  when soldiers
present  and they were amazed and regarded me as incredibly courage
that  i didn't get up and run away when i was eating a bowl of rice
that  were an error yes literally
i  was eating this horrible to
at  a shanty
but  made out a
the  side of a
a  group of
to  join me in a
and  the aspirate
you  are
and
men  who were younger
the  poor and the powerless in loud lived in her
all  the time and if they owned land they were afraid that he
whatever  they had
the  people who are in power
seem  to be afraid
when  i got to china when i got to an
my  perception of that society was
the  first time in my life i was living in a society where university professors
terrified
all  the
they  felt watched
the
much  more
and  by contrast in unanimous
an  elderly retired
they  actually felt confident enough to have
political  prose
in  a public
people  who were
yet  the proletariat put it that way people who were poor workers and
they  actually saw reasonably confident
it  was the people at the top
people  who had the most close and the people who benefited
from  the communists to tell terry
who  were the most closely watched
controlled  and themselves
so  that is a contrast between
and  now i ask
of  those two
is  more likely to
backward  bill clinton was
it  would be a various to go back and look at what they used to say in time magazine
and  even the new york times and mainstream shirtless every one seemed to think that china was on
the  brink of it afore the cost of some kind of a great political liberalization
hell  all that all that coverage seems pretty silly
if  you look at these last remitting comes
vietnam  laos
cuba
you  tell me
is  the most
probably  china
because  they hold
who  have real power and
most
one  of the common
and
there's  a psychological dimension of
which  is similar to certain patterns i see within our own more liberal
democratic  transparent consumers capitalist society
and  i missed the about whether she will be allowed to keep a
this  can rapscallion with proper readily keeping their
position  yet to polygamy
the  magic the will of fate and have a year than past the maristien
and  callous to doubt as tametomo
the  continual being a professor
just  imagine if any meditates of america they were you very professor who
criticised  the american pavement
just  a whole be allowed to continue
do  you think there's a single professor of constitutional law in the united states
who  never has a american government i think the fated for that is the loisson
ability  you mean ones you have to criticize the burgeoning do you
one  better you let's talk about something really dangerous it's not that dangerous to criticize the american constitution is
not  dangerous to be mustered a professor
in  the united states
i  think the majority of professors i dealt with in verity either were
currently  communes or had a communist in the past the american academy is very left lingual
harder  to be a temple conservative than to be a communist or far left wing socialists
in  most american academia who wants to who wants to even make a list any amount experience of course i know
tons  of examples of
including  port members of the chinese communist party who are professors
in  the fence states and candidates it completely common balooka here's an example
member  member that whole thing with extraordinary rendition
i  looked around and always wondered when was western academia and the catch up
moral  and political and legal question matriarchal happened in two thousand eighteen
this  tone came out gathering together the young you know opinions of
you  know legal scholars and professors as the ones you see on screen now guess
what  all these people are part of the establishment in the united kingdom and the united states in europe and their
respective  western democracies and cheer they are publishing a book that doesn't just
say  in a broad sense criticize the constitution of the country the
it's  talking about torturing people
it  talking about people people within their own governments and the american cats criticizing
them  for abducting people and torturing really serious allegations
about  with really serious consequences and nobody is going to fire them from being professors
on  the contrary i think the question most of us have to ask yourself is well what's wrong with our
democracy  that this is so incredibly rare this book and teach
only  book of its kind i know and then looking for years as a wayward
by  the united states so extraordinary in taking people captive and torturing them how
detour  becomes so benefit discourse well these guys are asking those questions
and  now there
they're  being fired from being
i  think it's the opposite question people are probably looking around in the parents political science
why  don't we fire all you guys who haven't done a good deal faculties
little  critique settler so little progress on these issues were of father at home
a  year then back to the mecanicien part of the problem
a  tremendously powerful
surround  yourself
a  firm
will
they
who  will we cycle and repeat back to
until  you reach a port
the  whole world as sharing in the
and  interestingly we only do this
something  bad and evil and wrong i've never seen this pattern of human psychology play
out
like  well you know i'm really going to have to justify
working  to try to help
what  obliterate justify devoting my time and effort to work
or  even something let's let's take it down
you  know back when i decided to do to
i  wasn't looking around for pejus about that i will do makololo know i made
you  thunderous day but so what everyone does two and a person so careerists
extraordinary  but i decided to you know whatever you get meritorious
when  you're doing swing you feel as
mind  if it's exceptional you don't mind if it's
maybe  even feel better about it as may be on the only person out here is trying to do to push
up  to day or trying to help the poor to humanitarian work or learn this language or whatever
it  is if you feel it's positive if for you subjectively you know at something past
but  without appealing to an objective
of  good and bad right
precisely  because he
feel  they know
i
they  reach for this rational
oh  well every one
a  miracle they would fire a university professor for daring to question the american
constitution  for derry to criticise in the magarey they would fire university
professor
he  were a communist who supported chinese congress met they don't on the contrary
shockingly  common to university professors proposes
even  from
but
that  tendency
at  the level of
he  culture i mean the smallest unit of
picotee  isn't a sub culture it may just be
you  are a compulsive video game collector
and  you yourself with other guys who are all collecting viviendi over a thousand dollars a month of men
you  feel comfortable
so  within that little microcosm within that smallest unit of our
for  example a westmoreland pound is nothing
the
as  you get hours on hours of
as  out of it and everyone else was their money
so  that half the problem and i was literally looking at it
every  one
their  money the dangerous psychological element of political stability
in  china is that people like this who are part of the
they  also surround themselves
we  affirm and ratifying
he
until  they reached the
when  their own
seems  to them in their own eyes
like
and  who among us
is  going to crete
continuity  rutabagas is going to raise that question within a
society  like china where the ex
or  ever present
surround
especially  the people
where  the top
social
where  the uncomfortable questions
even  the
by  university
then  had been